<b>Reading 1 : Survey on serverless computing(Hassan B. Hassan, Saman A. Barakat & Qusay I. Sarhan)</b>

<b>Learnings :</b> This paper is just a survey paper related to the basics of serverless computing and more emphasis is being made on the advantages, challenges and future potential of the serverless computing. Also in this paper, the strategies they have used to classify which are the research papers related to this topic are also mentioned and the techniques used such as Search Strategies are also used. The survey has also been carried out related to the publication of the research papers year-wise from 2016-2020 and in which journals or conferences this papers have been published. Notable authors who have published multiple papers in this domain have also been listed in the survey paper. Benefits of Serverless Computing over other alternatives have also been displayed and several parameters have been taken into account to test the benefits of the serverless computing.

<b>Reading 2 : Serverless Computing: A Survey of Opportunities, Challenges, and Applications(Hosein Shafiei, A. Khonsari, P. Mousavi)</b>

<b>Learnings :</b> This research paper gives more insight additional to the Reading 1. This paper thoroughly covers the opportunities(advantages), challenges(limitations) and applications of serverless computing. Introduction the services such as FaaS(Function-as-a-Service) and BaaS(Backend-as-a-Service) is provided in this paper and Serverless is basically nothing but the generalization of both FaaS and BaaS. The authors have also mentioned various opportunities created by using serverless computing like No deployment and maintainance complexity, Affordable scalability,etc. Further, they also mentioned about different applications of serverless computing like Real-time collaboration and analytics, Urban and industrial management systems, Scientific Computing, Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning, Video processing and streaming,etc. Author mentions several future directions in the research field of serverless computing like :-
1] Developing new optimization techniques and algorithms to improve the performance and cost-effectiveness of serverless computing systems.
2] Investigate the use of serverless computing in the context of security, privacy, and compliance to provide a more secure environment.
3] Developing new tools and frameworks to support the development, deployment, and management of serverless computing systems, including integrated development environments (IDEs), debugging and monitoring tools, and deployment automation tools.
4] Examining the use of serverless computing in the context of different application domains, such as healthcare, finance, and manufacturing, to understand its potential benefits and limitations in these areas.

<b>Reading 3 : What is serverless computing? (Article - https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/)</b>

<b>Learnings :</b> This article explains the basics of serverless computing, how it differs from the traditional infrastructure, and its benefits. The article also shares that how the serverless computing is cost beneficial for us on its usage compared to the other alternatives. Serverless computing is also more flexible and scalable in terms of performance metrics. Serverless is particularly useful for event-driven computing, such as running functions in response to specific actions. Serverless computing is now being used in the industries on frequent basis and is becoming increasingly popular as a way to deploy and run applications.


